{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Before we begin digging into the main concepts of iCanScript, it is good to understand the underlying architecture of the product.  So let's take a look at what is installed as part of the iCanScript package ...\
\
iCanScript is divided in two main sections: the **editor** and the **engine**.  Each section is easily identifiable by browsing the file structure of the iCanScript package installed in Unity.\
\
[Figure <$n:figure>. iCanScript package file structure.]\
\
Browsing each section, you will find that both contain a library file (iCanScript_Editor.dll & iCanScript_Engine.dll) and a small number of source files.  The *editor* section also includes resource files.\
\
The library files include the majority of the iCanScript functionality\
\
Each of those section includes one library file, several source code files, and resources\
\
As you may have guessed, the *editor* section includes all of the iCanScript editors.  But what you may not have known, is that it also includes the node database.  The node database is somewhat of a confusing concept and requires to be explained in greater details.  We will do that later on.  For now, let's continue with the general description of the *engine* section.\
\
\
The *engine* section includes all of the stuff that is required to run a visual script.  That includes the visual script persistent storage, the compiler, and the visual script runtime executive.  While the *editor* section only needs to be present when editing your script, the *engine* section must be present with your product.  Therefore you need to distribute the iCanScript engine section as part of your product.  You don't need to worry about license distribution since the iCanScript engine is royalty free as long as you have bought the iCanScript product for each of your development seat.\
}